index.md, before:

# Homepage of Anthony Widjaja Lin [previously Anthony W. To]
![My image](anthony-talk.jpg)

## NEWS
- I will be giving a [tutorial on string solving at POPL'24](https://popl24.sigplan.org/details/POPL-2024-tutorialfest/3/String-Solving-for-Verification)
- Our string solver OSTRICH won [QF_S (Single Query Track) in SMT-COMP 2023](https://smt-comp.github.io/2023/results/qf-s-single-query)!
- ![Image](ERC_logo_small.jpeg) I am delighted to have received an ERC
[Consolidator Grant](https://erc.europa.eu/news-events/news/erc-2022-consolidator-grants-results) on Logic and
  Automata over Sequences with Data. I will be looking for PhD Students and
  Postdoc Researchers soon. Please let me know if you are interested.

## Background
- Professor in Theoretical Computer Science (Automated Reasoning) and 
  Max-Planck Fellow at [Technical University of 
  Kaiserslautern, Germany](https://www.cs.rptu.de/)
- Previously:
  - (2016 - 2019) Associate Professor in Programming Languages at [Oxford University Department of Computer Science](https://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/) and Governing Body Fellow at [Kellogg College](https://www.kellogg.ox.ac.uk/). I taught at the
[MSc Software Engineering Programme](https://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/softeng/).
  - (2014 - 2016) assistant professor at [Yale-NUS, Singapore](https://www.yale-nus.edu.sg).
  - (2010-2013) EPSRC Postdoctoral Research Fellow at Oxford University hosted by [Marta Kwiatkowska](http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/marta.kwiatkowska/)
- Completed PhD in Informatics at University of Edinburgh in 2010 under [Leonid
  Libkin](https://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/libkin/) (supervisor) and [Richard Mayr](https://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/rmayr/) (co-advisor).
- Awards (selected): ERC Consolidator Grant (2023), Amazon Research Award 
    (2021), ERC Starting Grant (2017), 
    Google Faculty Award (2017), LICS Kleene Award (2010)
- Where else I studied: BSc (Honours) at Melbourne University and MSc at
  University of Toronto
- Where I am from: I am Australian and was born in Indonesia

## Research Interests
I am interested in automated reasoning and logic/automata techniques, especially
constraint solving (particularly over [strings](strings.md)) and 
learning/synthesis methods. Applications of interests
include software verification, computer security, program synthesis,
querying graph databases, and interpretable machine learning. My [publication
page](publications.html) contains pretty much all my published papers.

Selected Tool:
- [OSTRICH](https://github.com/uuverifiers/ostrich/) - our string solver
  supporting complex constraints (concatenation, real-world regexes, lengths, 
  transducers) that primarily exploit regular constraint propagation.

## Research Group Members
### Current Members
- Pascal Bergstraßer (PhD Student)
- Eva Gonzalez Garcia (PhD Student)
- Hongjian Jiang (PhD Student)
- Oliver Markgraf (PhD Student)
- Dr. Rodrigo Raya (Postdoc)

### Past Members
- Dr. Chih-Duo Hong (PhD student completed in 2022, now Assistant Professor
  at National Chingchi University, Taiwan)
- Dr. Shuanglong Kan (Postdoc Researcher completed in 2022, now Researcher at
  Certik)
- Dr. Xuan-Bach Le (PhD student completed in 2018, now 
  Postdoc at Nanyang Technical Uni, Singapore)
- Dr. Muhammad Najib (Postdoc Researcher completed in 2022, now Lecturer at
    Heriot-Watt University, UK)
- Dr. Reino Niskanen (Postdoc Researcher completed in 2018, now Lecturer at Liverpool John Moores
  University, UK)
- Dr. Daniel Stan (Postdoc Researcher completed in 2022, now Assistant Professor
  at Epita, France)
- Dr. Di-De Yen (Postdoc Researcher completed in 2023, now postdoc at Academia
  Sinica, Taipei)

## Events
### PC chair/organizer:
- [RP'22](https://rp2022.mpi-sws.org/) (co-chaired with Georg Zetzsche)
- [APLAS'19](https://conf.researchr.org/home/aplas-2019)
- [MOSCA (Meetings on String Constraints and Applications) 2019](https://mosca19.github.io/) (co-chaired with Loris D'Antoni and Philipp Rümmer)
- [ICECCS'18](http://formal-analysis.com/iceccs/2018/) (co-chaired with Jun Sun)
- [IMS Workshop Series on Formal Verification](https://www2.ims.nus.edu.sg/Programs/016auto/index.php) (co-chaired with Luke Ong)

### Executive Committee Member: 
- [Asian Association for Foundation of Software](http://www.cs.tsukuba.ac.jp/~kam/AAFS/)

### Program committee member: 
- FoSSaCS'25
- [Highlights'24](https://highlights-conference.org/2024/cfp)
- [CAV'24](http://i-cav.org/) [Area chair of automata theory]
- [LICS'24](https://lics.siglog.org/lics24/)
- [STACS'24](https://stacs2024.limos.fr/)
- [TACAS'24](https://etaps.org/2024/conferences/tacas/)
- [CAV'23](http://www.i-cav.org/2023/call-for-papers/)
- [ICALP'23](https://icalp2023.cs.upb.de/cms/)
- [VMCAI'23](https://popl23.sigplan.org/home/VMCAI-2023)
- [ATVA 2022](https://atva-conference.org/2022/)
- [CSL 2022](http://csl2022.uni-goettingen.de/)
- [POPL 2022](https://popl22.sigplan.org/)
- [ATVA 2021](https://formal-analysis.com/atva/2021/)
- [CAV 2020](http://i-cav.org/2020/)
- Pre 2020: PPDP'19, ATVA'19, VMCAI'19, CAV'19 Verification Mentoring Workshop,
  LICS'18, ICALP'17, PSI,17, FoSSaCS'17, APLAS'16, PSI'15, LICS'15, INFINITY'13

## Teaching
I regularly offer courses, seminars, and projects on computational logic, 
verification, and automata. Please check 
[the group's official website](http://arg.cs.uni-kl.de/teaching/).

Commit message:

Added PC-chairing and new paper

index.md, after:

# Homepage of Anthony Widjaja Lin [previously Anthony W. To]
![My image](anthony-talk.jpg)

## NEWS
- I will be chairing the PC of CAV'26 (together with Eva Darulova and Philipp 
  Ruemmer)
- I will be giving a [tutorial on string solving at POPL'24](https://popl24.sigplan.org/details/POPL-2024-tutorialfest/3/String-Solving-for-Verification)
- Our string solver OSTRICH won [QF_S (Single Query Track) in SMT-COMP 2023](https://smt-comp.github.io/2023/results/qf-s-single-query)!
- ![Image](ERC_logo_small.jpeg) I am delighted to have received an ERC
[Consolidator Grant](https://erc.europa.eu/news-events/news/erc-2022-consolidator-grants-results) on Logic and
  Automata over Sequences with Data. I will be looking for PhD Students and
  Postdoc Researchers soon. Please let me know if you are interested.

## Background
- Professor in Theoretical Computer Science (Automated Reasoning) and 
  Max-Planck Fellow at [Technical University of 
  Kaiserslautern, Germany](https://www.cs.rptu.de/)
- Previously:
  - (2016 - 2019) Associate Professor in Programming Languages at [Oxford University Department of Computer Science](https://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/) and Governing Body Fellow at [Kellogg College](https://www.kellogg.ox.ac.uk/). I taught at the
[MSc Software Engineering Programme](https://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/softeng/).
  - (2014 - 2016) assistant professor at [Yale-NUS, Singapore](https://www.yale-nus.edu.sg).
  - (2010-2013) EPSRC Postdoctoral Research Fellow at Oxford University hosted by [Marta Kwiatkowska](http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/marta.kwiatkowska/)
- Completed PhD in Informatics at University of Edinburgh in 2010 under [Leonid
  Libkin](https://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/libkin/) (supervisor) and [Richard Mayr](https://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/rmayr/) (co-advisor).
- Awards (selected): ERC Consolidator Grant (2023), Amazon Research Award 
    (2021), ERC Starting Grant (2017), 
    Google Faculty Award (2017), LICS Kleene Award (2010)
- Where else I studied: BSc (Honours) at Melbourne University and MSc at
  University of Toronto
- Where I am from: I am Australian and was born in Indonesia

## Research Interests
I am interested in automated reasoning (particularly over 
[strings](strings.md)), formal language theory, and learning/synthesis. 
Applications of interests include software verification, program synthesis,
querying graph databases, machine learning, and computer security. My 
[publication page](publications.html) contains pretty much all my published 
papers.

Selected Tool:
- [OSTRICH](https://github.com/uuverifiers/ostrich/) - our string solver
  supporting complex constraints (concatenation, real-world regexes, lengths, 
  transducers) that primarily exploit regular constraint propagation.

## Research Group Members
### Current Members
- Pascal Bergstraßer (PhD Student)
- Eva Gonzalez Garcia (PhD Student)
- Hongjian Jiang (PhD Student)
- Oliver Markgraf (PhD Student)
- Dr. Rodrigo Raya (Postdoc)

### Past Members
- Dr. Chih-Duo Hong (PhD student completed in 2022, now Assistant Professor
  at National Chingchi University, Taiwan)
- Dr. Shuanglong Kan (Postdoc Researcher completed in 2022, now Researcher at
  Certik)
- Dr. Xuan-Bach Le (PhD student completed in 2018, now 
  Postdoc at Nanyang Technical Uni, Singapore)
- Dr. Muhammad Najib (Postdoc Researcher completed in 2022, now Lecturer at
    Heriot-Watt University, UK)
- Dr. Reino Niskanen (Postdoc Researcher completed in 2018, now Lecturer at Liverpool John Moores
  University, UK)
- Dr. Daniel Stan (Postdoc Researcher completed in 2022, now Assistant Professor
  at Epita, France)
- Dr. Di-De Yen (Postdoc Researcher completed in 2023, now postdoc at Academia
  Sinica, Taipei)

## Events
### PC chair/organizer:
- CAV'24 (co-chaired with Eva Darulova and Philipp Ruemmer)
- [RP'22](https://rp2022.mpi-sws.org/) (co-chaired with Georg Zetzsche)
- [APLAS'19](https://conf.researchr.org/home/aplas-2019)
- [MOSCA (Meetings on String Constraints and Applications) 2019](https://mosca19.github.io/) (co-chaired with Loris D'Antoni and Philipp Rümmer)
- [ICECCS'18](http://formal-analysis.com/iceccs/2018/) (co-chaired with Jun Sun)
- [IMS Workshop Series on Formal Verification](https://www2.ims.nus.edu.sg/Programs/016auto/index.php) (co-chaired with Luke Ong)

### Executive Committee Member: 
- [Asian Association for Foundation of Software](http://www.cs.tsukuba.ac.jp/~kam/AAFS/)

### Program committee member: 
- FoSSaCS'25
- [Highlights'24](https://highlights-conference.org/2024/cfp)
- [CAV'24](http://i-cav.org/) [Area chair of automata theory]
- [LICS'24](https://lics.siglog.org/lics24/)
- [STACS'24](https://stacs2024.limos.fr/)
- [TACAS'24](https://etaps.org/2024/conferences/tacas/)
- [CAV'23](http://www.i-cav.org/2023/call-for-papers/)
- [ICALP'23](https://icalp2023.cs.upb.de/cms/)
- [VMCAI'23](https://popl23.sigplan.org/home/VMCAI-2023)
- [ATVA 2022](https://atva-conference.org/2022/)
- [CSL 2022](http://csl2022.uni-goettingen.de/)
- [POPL 2022](https://popl22.sigplan.org/)
- [ATVA 2021](https://formal-analysis.com/atva/2021/)
- [CAV 2020](http://i-cav.org/2020/)
- Pre 2020: PPDP'19, ATVA'19, VMCAI'19, CAV'19 Verification Mentoring Workshop,
  LICS'18, ICALP'17, PSI,17, FoSSaCS'17, APLAS'16, PSI'15, LICS'15, INFINITY'13

## Teaching
I regularly offer courses, seminars, and projects on computational logic, 
verification, and automata. Please check 
[the group's official website](http://arg.cs.uni-kl.de/teaching/).
